PROMPT: Write Python script to tokenize Unicode data stream into sentences using NLTK library. Processed data are being retrieved from Unicode text file 'input.txt', then stored into list variable, and print out to display each sentence stored in list variable to output. Then group sentences in blocks with eache block size is 500 characters long or less. Print content of blocks as well.
MODEL: deepseek-coder-7b-instruct-v1.5-Q6_K.gguf ,BigO with  loaded ALPACA system template
SANDBOX: SentenceParser.py

PROMPT: Write python script that implements the classic Snake game using pygame library.
MODEL: deepseek-coder-7b-instruct-v1.5-Q6_K.gguf ,BigO with  loaded ALPACA system template
SANDBOX:  Snake00.py

PROMPT: Write python script that implements the classic Snake game using pygame library. Make sure that snake game will be showing player score during the play and also when game ends.
MODEL: deepseek-coder-7b-instruct-v1.5-Q6_K.gguf ,BigO with  loaded ALPACA system template
SANDBOX:  Snake01.py


PROMPT: Create visually appealing memory card game in Python using Pygame library. Don't use any external images to achieve it. Python code will generate all necesary graphic elements used by game.  Implement also engaging game mechanics to make the game addictive to play. Game should be strictly a single player and offline.  I want you to write complete code of the game and its graphic interface.
FOLLOW UP 1:
Update code to make fully functional game with complete code to implement following:
Introduce a game_state dictionary: This dictionary will persist outside the main game loop to keep track of the player's level and other persistent data.
Modify the Game Loop: The main loop should be wrapped in another while loop that controls the overall application, while the inner loop runs a single game session.
Calculate Performance and display statistics to motivate player to play next round. Don't increase difficulty of the game but give players graphical rewards for their game. Make sure to introduce rewards for time spend playing the game. For example after third game, players will be presented with nice animation of medal of progressing from novice to beginner level, etc.
FOLLOW UP 2 (not included follow up degug prompts):
Update code to keep last three player selected  cards still visible to player when playing as "Novice"  (player see value of three cards at given time)
then also update code to keep face of the  last two cards that player picked visible to players when playing as "Beginner"  (player see value of two cards at given time)
and only when playing as "Apprentice" the game mechanic will be same as it is currently (player only see one card at the time just like it is done in original code)
FOLLOW UP 3:
Excellent, last update is working flawlessly. Now, lets finalize the game. Analyze code again and write update to polish game even further. Identify "low hanging fruit" to make game even more graphically appealing and analyze stat provided to user to expand it with some new bonus values that will be improving after each round and keep user engaged. Ideally link this new bonus value with performance in previous round.  For example small bonus for many moves to finish game and huge bonus if number of moves was very low.
But at the same time make sure to keep the current game functionality in place.
Make your own judgement what updates should be implemented and present me with final fully update code for memory card game.
FOLLOW UP 4:
Game is now working great. But when user starts game, it always starts from Novice level, even if in previous game achieved "Apprentice" level. and also all points from previous game are lost.
Update code to have persistent storage to a file (in current directory)  so it is possible for user also continue from previous game session with points and level to be transferred to a new game. .